How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	Fill in.. ioefshifss.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	Fill in.. i hfueaind aieu

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Fill in.. ifushruf jsfd.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Fill in.. ihrfosrkjf dhdkd.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Fill in.. isjfnkdn ksmd.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	Fill in..n oiruhfsjd.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Fill in.. jsrifksdm fisrifkd.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?

	Answer is.. aefn oaemksnd akemsk.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	I think that manually is the best of the best.. very best.. of best. You know? best.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	This question is nbufeek, fe oefiee. And some more text to fill this out.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Something boring text cuz i dont know what tot write.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Text uusd eonjsoiu shduajk sdjaeo kksdd.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	No, just no.. dont want to answer on questions.
